add back tiflash sm4 encryption support (#11037)
pingcap/docs: tiflash/tiflash-configuration.md

    ## If the configuration value is set to true,
    ## all user data in the log will be replaced by ?. The default value is false.
    redact-info-log = false

[security.encryption]
    ## The encryption method for data files.

>     ## Value options: "aes128-ctr", "aes192-ctr", "aes256-ctr", "sm4-ctr" (supported since v6.4.0) and "plaintext".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## Value options: "aes128-ctr", "aes192-ctr", "aes256-ctr", "sm4-ctr" (supported since v6.4.0), and "plaintext".
```

>     ## Default value: `"plaintext"` which means encryption is disabled by default. A value other than "plaintext" means that encryption is enabled, in which case the master key must be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## Default value: `"plaintext"`, which means encryption is disabled by default. A value other than "plaintext" means that encryption is enabled, in which case the master key must be specified.
```

    data-encryption-method = "aes128-ctr"
    ## Specifies how often the data encryption key is rotated. Default value: `7d`.
    data-key-rotation-period = "168h" # 7 days

[security.encryption.master-key]

>     ## Specifies the master key if encryption is enabled. To learn how to configure a master key, see [Encryption at Rest - Configure encryption](/encryption-at-rest.md#configure-encryption).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## Specifies the master key if encryption is enabled. To learn how to configure a master key, see Configure encryption: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/encryption-at-rest#configure-encryption .
```

[security.encryption.previous-master-key]

>     ## Specifies the old master key when rotating the new master key. The configuration format is the same as that of `master-key`. To learn how to configure a master key, see [Encryption at Rest - Configure encryption](/encryption-at-rest.md#configure-encryption).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ## Specifies the old master key when rotating the new master key. The configuration format is the same as that of `master-key`. To learn how to configure a master key, see  Configure encryption: https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/dev/encryption-at-rest#configure-encryption .
```
